Project 7

Interactive Registration Form using javascript



A few notes about the exceeds expectations sections

INSTRUCTION - Providing form validation error indications at the moment they occur better serves your user.

Program at least one of the required fields to listen for user interaction like a keyup. When then user interaction occurs, run the validation check for that input. If you created helper functions to validate the required form inputs and sections, you can call those helper functions inside of a field’s event listener.
Detail this specific feature in your README.md file.

RESPONSE - Provided in-time form validation errors for email and credit card. 
**For email, it was if they didn't include the '@' sign.
**For credit card, it was if they included any letters AND a seperate message to note if the numerical input was not at least 13 digits long

I programmed the error messages so that if the user went back and corrected their input, the message disappeared.


INSTRUCTION - Conditional error message

Providing additional information for certain types of errors can be very helpful to your user. For example, if the email address field is empty, it would be enough to inform the user that they should add an email address. But if they’ve already added an email address, but formatted it incorrectly, that message wouldn’t be helpful.

For at least one required form section, provide one error message if the field fails on one of its requirements, and a separate message if it fails on one of its other requirements.
Detail this specific feature in your README.md file.


RESPONSE - I programmed  two credit card error messages. If they included characters then one message showed up. Since I considered that more 'egregious' of an
error, that one took precedence. That message disappeared after they removed the characters. Then they got the other error message if they had numbers but not enough of them. Basically, I triggered that if they had at least two characters
down so it wasn't triggered immediately.



INSTRUCTION - Ideally, we want to prevent users from selecting activities that occur at the same time.

When a user selects an activity, loop over all of the activities, check if any have the same day and time as the activity that was just checked/unchecked, 
and as long as the matching activity is not the activity that was just checked/unchecked, disable/enable the conflicting activity’s checkbox input and add/remove
the ‘.disabled’ className to activity’s parent label element.


RESPONSE - No notes really as I made sure to cross-check the day/times of any activity selected. If the day/times were at the same time, the conflicting activity was greyed out
so that they couldn't accidentally sign up. I made sure NOT to disable the checked box, so that it allowed them to uncheck the activity selected , and check the conflicting one if they should decide that they'd rather do 
the other activity. In that case, then the original activity would be disabled (it's easier if you see it, as this explanation may be confusing :)).
